DOCS-403 elaborate on Nextjs middleware (#389)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/references/nextjs/auth-middleware.mdx

## Usage

> The `middleware.ts` file should be created in the root folder of your application (or inside src/ if that is how you set up your app). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the `middleware.ts` file in the root folder of your application, or inside the src/ if that is how your app is set up.
```

Author: Love it!! Makes a lot of sense.
